[Example] Collaborative Block Text Editor (#417)
liveblocks/liveblocks: examples/nextjs-block-text-editor-advanced/README.md

  </a>
  <a href="https://codesandbox.io/s/github/liveblocks/liveblocks/tree/main/examples/nextjs-block-text-editor">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/open%20in%20codesandbox-message?style=flat&logo=codesandbox&color=333&logoColor=fff" alt="Open in CodeSandbox" />
  </a>
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/react-message?style=flat&logo=react&color=0bd&logoColor=fff" alt="React" />
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/next.js-message?style=flat&logo=next.js&color=07f&logoColor=fff" alt="Next.js" />
</p>

This example shows how to build a collaborative block-based text editor with
[Liveblocks](https://liveblocks.io), and [Next.js](https://nextjs.org/).

<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/liveblocks/liveblocks/main/.github/assets/examples/block-text-editor.png" width="500" alt="Collaborative Block Text Editor" />

## Getting started

- Install all dependencies with `npm install`
- Create an account on [liveblocks.io](https://liveblocks.io/dashboard)
- Copy your **public** key from the
  [dashboard](https://liveblocks.io/dashboard/apikeys)
- Create an `.env.local` file and add your **public** key as the

>   `NEXT_PUBLIC_LIVEBLOCKS_PUBLIC_KEY` environment variable

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  `LIVEBLOCKS_SECRET_KEY` environment variable
```

- Run `npm run dev` and go to [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000)

### CodeSandbox

After forking
[this example](https://codesandbox.io/s/github/liveblocks/liveblocks/tree/main/examples/block-text-editor)

> on CodeSandbox, create the `NEXT_PUBLIC_LIVEBLOCKS_PUBLIC_KEY` environment

Reviewer: ```suggestion
on CodeSandbox, create the `LIVEBLOCKS_SECRET_KEY` environment
```
